Updated Standards & Minor Fixes (#15)
pulsar-edit/.github: project-birth/CONTRIBUTING-DURING-START.md

Throughout the documentation there are many references to `Atom`'s official documentation, `https://flight-manual.atom.io`. At this time, our updated version of the documentation is not live, although it is in progress on our [docs](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/docs) repository. This means that encountering an instance of a `Flight Manual` link within the source can be handled in one of two ways.

1. If a link is found, **LEAVE AS IS** That is to say, do not modify the link. Allowing the link to still work properly even if it may be slightly outdated, or have improper rebranding as of now, at the very least it still gives the user some proper information to work off of.

> 2. Instead point the link to the correct identical location within the [docs](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/docs) repository. Which again while the site is not live, would instead have these links point to the raw MarkDown file that's appropriate for said resource. Some examples of this change properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Instead point the link to the correct identical location within the [docs](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io) repository. Which is live, and all parts of this should be availible soon. For now point to the raw md file in the repo:
```
This should be updated now that the site is live and being worked on. The below parts as well per the guidelines set in my PR that we are trying to get setup over there.

Author: Awesome, thanks for catching that, as now things have changed.

When these are encountered we a few options:

> 1. Find the relevant equal service. Such as finding linkage to the `Atom` or `Atom-Community` Discord Server, could be updated to instead point to our Discord Server, with the branding changed to be relevant and accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the atom-archive folder leave these as is. After moving a copy to it's relevant section in the docs: 
  - Find the relevant equal service. Such as finding linkage to the `Atom` or `Atom-Community` Discord Server, could be updated to instead point to our Discord Server, with the branding changed to be relevant and accurate.
```

Fixed this for the part where we're leaving the atom-archive contents as is beyond making them functional. And only modifying after we've moved them to their relevant updated section.

Author: I'm not sure this will fit properly, since this is still talking about rebranding within the code, as in think of the rfc docs within our Pulsar branch. Now at this point we should probably have a section dedicated to documentation as a whole, in which having this bit would make most sense. Maybe we save this for later until that other section is written out?

Reviewer: I mean, my goal in mentioning this was putting it out there that when it's in the archive folder not to change anything. But once it's moved, change to whatever is needed at that point. Since we want to make sure it's as accurate as possible to the original in its original location, but change what we need in its final location.

Author: Fair enough, I'll see about adding a section for specifically documentation that will cover this then in anther PR.

Otherwise what do we think? With approval we can probably try and get this merged.

Reviewer: I mean yea, I think I misread that original one. But it should be clear I guess from the original wording. Do want that to be clear going forward to keep an archived version somewhere and update it in a new location that's appropriate. Since that should be mentioned somewhere at some point.
